instead of stuffing I'm gonna fill the
turkey with a slightly smaller turkey
it's called a turturkeykey I was there
for the insertion he used shoehorns I'll
be having sighs yeah what did you want
me to do again oh that okay now that
we've got that out of our systems it's
time to get to making the turturkeykey
which for the record like all of you I
think is a patently bad idea but I think
the only way we're gonna make it work is
by deboning one of our turkeys in this
case Jeffrey are slightly smaller Turkey
I'm sorry if my anthropomorphizing them
earlier made this difficult to watch but
to debone the turkey we're basically
making shallow cuts starting at the
spine going underneath the thigh and the
breast and making our way around the
carcass which were then going to
delicately separate from the thin layer
of skin between the breasts set that
aside for stock making and then it's
time to try and even out our breast meat
which is very thick at the top and very
thin at the bottom so we're gonna place
some shallow cuts right up near the top
of the breast so we can spread them out
a little bit more evenly that I'm also
going to remove the wings for both ease
of rolling end insertion and then I'm
gonna score the breast meat a little bit
which is going to allow us to season it
a little bit more deeply so the wings
aside these are also great for making
stock and then it's time to season the
interior of our bird with a few generous
pinches of kosher salt and a few
generous twists of freshly ground black
pepper it was at this point that I also
decided it would probably be best to
remove the thigh bones as well which
we're going to accomplish by scraping
the meat down the side of the bone
separating the bone at the joint and
running our knife in between and again
set aside to make turkey stock we're
about to destroy this perfectly good
turkey so we might as well make as much
use of it as possible and now it's time
to roll in tie our turkey into a long
cylindrical tubular shape that's gonna
make it easier to insert into the cavity
of the other turkey the cut off the
strings and flip the bird over so we can
also tie up the legs because despite
everything else that's happening here we
still want our turkey to at least have
somewhat Norman Rockwell's appearance I
also decided to flip it over and tie it
a few more time so it didn't look so
ribbed for your turkeys pleasure but
that ended up kind of making it worse so
I just decided to soldier forward not
thinking too much about the social and
moral repercussions of what I was doing
and setup Jeffrey for an overnight dry
brine which is accomplished simply
enough by heavily coating the outside of
the bird with kosher salt maybe a few
twists of freshly ground black pepper
and refrigerating uncovered overnight
during which time we can get to the
noble profession of making stock I'm
just gonna lay out all of our various
turkey trimming byproducts on a wire
rack set no trim baking sheet drizzle
with a little bit of vegetable oil and
hid in a 400 degree fahrenheit oven for
30 to 45 minutes until deeply
golden-brown and ready to make some
delicious turkey juice directly into our
tallest and narrowest stockpot they go
the more narrow the pot the less
evaporation there's gonna be and the
longer you can let it simmer without
having to top up with extra water I'm
also gonna add some celery some carrots
a whole head of garlic chopped in half a
whole onion quartered a few sprigs each
of fresh rosemary and fresh thyme a
little handful of parsley a few whole
black peppercorns and two bay leaves it
is the perfect mathematical formula for
amazing stuffing and gravy this
Thanksgiving bring it to a bare simmer
parsley cover and let it go for anywhere
from 4 to 24 hours using an induction
burner like this one if you don't want
to leave the stove on all night
meanwhile our bird has emerged from the
refrigerator its skin desiccated and
ready to be crisped in a 400 degree
fahrenheit oven for how long I cannot
say it depends entirely upon the size of
your bird the performance of your oven
the best thing you can do is roast until
the skin is glassy crisp and the
thickest part of the breast registers
155 degrees Fahrenheit in its current
form this bird would be absolutely
lovely to slice and surf but now it's
time to ruin it first we're gonna go
ahead and align it with our receiving
turkey might as well snip the strings
off this thing should be able to hold
its form all on its own this is all
starting to remind me of those videos of
planes refueling mid-flight ur
middle-school health class videos next
of course we have to lubricate our
insert of turkey
rope wrong lube let's use some vegetable
oil now if you have any small children I
would ask them to leave the room because
it is time to insert our turkey torpedo
this really doesn't look right let's
let's let's go ahead and blur this not
trying to get demonetised here I'm
kidding
of course this is perfectly natural and
normal and part of life oh my god here
come the shoehorns I honestly got these
shoe horns as a joke and never intended
to use them but I can't seem to get this
horrible thing to happen so I need a
little shoehorn help and look at that it
actually worked oh god that is horrible
to look at
I totally get what Robyn was talking
about now I think I've just ruined
Thanksgiving oh no wait now I've ruined
it anyway we're just gonna keep shoving
this turkey in there until we have
ourselves a turturkeykey probably one of
the worst ideas ever not only because of
the spectacle of insertion but because
it virtually guarantees that one turkey
is either going to be overcooked or
undercooked because by the time this
giant receiving bird has finished
cooking through its turkey diplo will
have become hilariously dry but in the
name of science I press forward and
humbly present to you the turturkeykey
now the reason that I precooked the
smaller turkey is because if I inserted
it raw it would have taken forever to
cook in the exterior turkey would have
been completely destroyed with this
cooking method however most of the
turkey is salvageable and none of it
will go to waste I will be using it in
the Thanksgiving leftovers episode of
basics coming this Thursday and now of
course onto the quote-unquote good
version of the turturkeykey inspired by
an old recipe from Jake Angie Lopez alt
one that starts by not only deep boning
the turkey but removing the meat and
trying to keep as much of the skin
intact as possible because it is now our
intention to make a turkey roulade which
will allow us to stuff our turkey with
more Turkey first we're gonna start by
making some sausage out of the dark meat
to do so I'm gonna trim off the gristle
and fat from the meat thigh and
drumstick cut into 1-inch cubes in place
on a parchment lined baking sheet or
plate to be chilled in the freezer for
15 to 25 minutes until just starting to
turn firm around the edges this is gonna
make the meat a whole lot easier to
grind which I'm going to do in a food
processor whose blade I have also
chilled in the freezer into the food
processor goes the dark meat which we
are going to pulse repeatedly until we
get a nice finely textured dark meat
ground turkey which we're gonna dump out
into a bowl and begin adding some flavor
to that sentence didn't turn out right
anyway I'm going to add some finely
chopped fresh herbs a little bit of sage
probably a packed tablespoons worth
maybe a half teaspoon of finely minced
thyme and a teaspoon of finely minced
rosemary
I am also of course going to season
liberally with kosher salt and freshly
ground pepper
and because I'm trying to evoke as many
Thanksgiving flavors as possible a
little bit of freshly grated nutmeg and
a clove or two of freshly grated garlic
after all tis the season to be well
seasoned mix that all together until the
herbs and spices are evenly distributed
and voila
some delicious turkey sausage which we
are now going to stuff into our breasts
first we have to remove the tender from
the bottom of the breast
along with trimming off any fat or
gristle that might be hanging out and
then we're gonna butterfly this bad boy
because we want it nice and thin for our
roulade it's still pretty uneven so I'm
going to cover it with plastic wrap and
pound it flat with either a meat mallet
or a frying pan and then I want it to
resemble more of a rectangle so I'm
going to trim and butterfly the tender
and use it to sort of patch the corner
of the breast turning it into kind of
rectangle then we're going to evenly
spread our sausage mixture over top Pat
it down and commence to rolling it up
making sure to start rolling with the
side that's been patched so it all stays
together then it's time to once again
flatten out our skin that doesn't look
very appetizing but it will once we've
gotten is flat and stretch as we can
we're going to place our roulade in the
center with the seam or the ugliest
facet facing upward wrap it in the skin
trim off any excess and then commence to
tying same deal as before we want to tie
it every one to two inches or so but we
want to tie it tighter towards the
thicker parts of the breast which will
give us a more even roulade which will
help the roulade cook more evenly then
we're just gonna rub this guy down with
olive oil season with kosher salt
freshly ground pepper rubbed in to make
sure that it's nice and evenly seasoned
and roast at 400 degrees Fahrenheit
until the thickest part of the roulade
registers about 160 I know that
temperature sounds a little low for
sausage but we made the sausage
ourselves so as long as you've kept
everything cold and clean you should be
good after resting uncovered for 20
minutes so the skin doesn't get flabby
it's time to carve and see our swirl and
that's kind of cool in it hell of a lot
better than the last version anyway you
can serve this however you like I'm
going to cut mine into rounds for easy
serving and it might not look at all
like a traditional Thanksgiving meal but
you're gonna get juicier meat and fuller
flavor by making a roulade which I shall
now demonstrate by beating it just gonna
top it with some of the gravy that we
made from the stock that we made make
sure you always use all parts of your
bird don't waste anything and maybe just
add a little color and herbaceousness
some freshly chopped parsley and there
you go an easy flavorful pretty
cool-looking turturkeykey which unlike
Ted's version doesn't
tastes wrong instead it tastes so right
had entered the clean plate club and
with that folks Happy Thanksgiving and
don't stuff a turkey into another turkey
hey guys I know today's episode was
little silly but I wanted to take a
minute and talk to you about something
very serious and that is cancer I have
always been surrounded by cancer I lost
my mother to cancer when I was 11 and
most recently my aunt Kathy who with
whom I've always been very very close
has been diagnosed with terminal cancer
which is why this Thanksgiving I'm very
proud to be partnering with game
theorists with his canceled cancer
campaign to support st. Jude's
Children's Research Center which is an
amazing organization
they never bill patients families for
treatment or travel or housing or food
they've increased childhood cancer
survivability rates from 20% to 80% in
the 50 years that they've been open and
they're pushing towards 90% and will not
stop until no child dies from cancer
again a future that I'm very much
looking forward to so if you'd like to
donate
check out the donate button down here or
over here somewhere somewhere around the
video player there's a donate button or
click the link in the video description
below I myself as I'm going to be giving
$5,000 to this very worthy cause
and I hope you can give whatever you can
hundred dollars $10 $1 any thing makes a
difference and I would be very thankful
this Thanksgiving sorry I'd be very
thankful if you gave whatever you could
to this very important cause thank you
guys so much and have a great holiday
[Music]